Oh
I'm born, what should I do with my life?
I have unlimited possibilities, it’s only been 8 seconds
I wonder if I can do anything, I wonder if I can be anything
Turning away from the misfortune to come
Should I live earnestly, or should I live slyly?
I want to help you, I want to defeat you, both sides of me are true
Can I just get my dream and love at a drive-thru? Trying hard is tiresome, right?
I'll just read the synopsis of books and movies
2:30 Life Remaining
Repeating “thank you”, “good-bye” and “see you again”
Already 45 seconds, it’s spring
2:30 Life Remaining
My disposable youth
My replaceable life that’s less than three minutes
Please don’t consume it with tears
Is this what dreams are like? Is this what love is like?
Life is like
A common song
More than a minute has passed, and I've come to know my limits
But it's still too early to understand everything
Tick-tock, tick-tock, thinking of you who's already gone
I know it's not quite the dream I imagined a minute ago
2:30 Life Remaining
Repeating "thank goodness", "everything’s over" and "oh well"
Already 1 minute and 45 seconds, it’s autumn
2:30 Life Remaining
Another magic disappears
For you? For me? Life that’s lamented exaggeratedly
Please don't beautify it too much
Like the books and movies I skipped through that day
My life has become a short song
Even if I have to say goodbye in 2:30
I want you to let me say that I was happy
2:30 Life Remaining
My life that’s less than three minutes, about to end
Please don't think of it as someone else's problem
Oh